c:\users\gedeon\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Pharmacie\Pharmacie\bin\Debug\Pharmacie.exe.config
c:\users\gedeon\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Pharmacie\Pharmacie\bin\Debug\Pharmacie.exe
c:\users\gedeon\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Pharmacie\Pharmacie\bin\Debug\Pharmacie.pdb
c:\users\gedeon\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Pharmacie\Pharmacie\obj\Debug\Pharmacie.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\gedeon\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Pharmacie\Pharmacie\obj\Debug\Pharmacie.Form1.resources
c:\users\gedeon\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Pharmacie\Pharmacie\obj\Debug\Pharmacie.Properties.Resources.resources
c:\users\gedeon\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Pharmacie\Pharmacie\obj\Debug\Pharmacie.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\gedeon\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Pharmacie\Pharmacie\obj\Debug\Pharmacie.exe
c:\users\gedeon\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Pharmacie\Pharmacie\obj\Debug\Pharmacie.pdb
c:\users\gedeon\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Pharmacie\Pharmacie\bin\Debug\DevExpress.Charts.v15.2.Core.dll
c:\users\gedeon\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Pharmacie\Pharmacie\bin\Debug\DevExpress.Dashboard.v15.2.Core.dll
c:\users\gedeon\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Pharmacie\Pharmacie\bin\Debug\DevExpress.Dashboard.v15.2.Win.dll
c:\users\gedeon\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Pharmacie\Pharmacie\bin\Debug\DevExpress.Data.v15.2.dll
c:\users\gedeon\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Pharmacie\Pharmacie\bin\Debug\DevExpress.DataAccess.v15.2.dll
c:\users\gedeon\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Pharmacie\Pharmacie\bin\Debug\DevExpress.DataAccess.v15.2.UI.dll
c:\users\gedeon\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Pharmacie\Pharmacie\bin\Debug\DevExpress.Map.v15.2.Core.dll
c:\users\gedeon\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Pharmacie\Pharmacie\bin\Debug\DevExpress.Office.v15.2.Core.dll
c:\users\gedeon\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Pharmacie\Pharmacie\bin\Debug\DevExpress.PivotGrid.v15.2.Core.dll
c:\users\gedeon\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Pharmacie\Pharmacie\bin\Debug\DevExpress.Printing.v15.2.Core.dll
c:\users\gedeon\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Pharmacie\Pharmacie\bin\Debug\DevExpress.RichEdit.v15.2.Core.dll
c:\users\gedeon\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Pharmacie\Pharmacie\bin\Debug\DevExpress.Sparkline.v15.2.Core.dll
c:\users\gedeon\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Pharmacie\Pharmacie\bin\Debug\DevExpress.Utils.v15.2.dll
c:\users\gedeon\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Pharmacie\Pharmacie\bin\Debug\DevExpress.Utils.v15.2.UI.dll
c:\users\gedeon\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Pharmacie\Pharmacie\bin\Debug\DevExpress.Xpo.v15.2.dll
c:\users\gedeon\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Pharmacie\Pharmacie\bin\Debug\DevExpress.XtraBars.v15.2.dll
c:\users\gedeon\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Pharmacie\Pharmacie\bin\Debug\DevExpress.XtraCharts.v15.2.dll
c:\users\gedeon\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Pharmacie\Pharmacie\bin\Debug\DevExpress.XtraCharts.v15.2.UI.dll
c:\users\gedeon\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Pharmacie\Pharmacie\bin\Debug\DevExpress.XtraCharts.v15.2.Wizard.dll
c:\users\gedeon\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Pharmacie\Pharmacie\bin\Debug\DevExpress.XtraEditors.v15.2.dll
c:\users\gedeon\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Pharmacie\Pharmacie\bin\Debug\DevExpress.XtraGauges.v15.2.Core.dll
c:\users\gedeon\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Pharmacie\Pharmacie\bin\Debug\DevExpress.XtraGauges.v15.2.Presets.dll
c:\users\gedeon\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Pharmacie\Pharmacie\bin\Debug\DevExpress.XtraGauges.v15.2.Win.dll
c:\users\gedeon\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Pharmacie\Pharmacie\bin\Debug\DevExpress.XtraGrid.v15.2.dll
c:\users\gedeon\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Pharmacie\Pharmacie\bin\Debug\DevExpress.XtraLayout.v15.2.dll
c:\users\gedeon\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Pharmacie\Pharmacie\bin\Debug\DevExpress.XtraMap.v15.2.dll
c:\users\gedeon\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Pharmacie\Pharmacie\bin\Debug\DevExpress.XtraPivotGrid.v15.2.dll
c:\users\gedeon\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Pharmacie\Pharmacie\bin\Debug\DevExpress.XtraPrinting.v15.2.dll
c:\users\gedeon\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Pharmacie\Pharmacie\bin\Debug\DevExpress.XtraRichEdit.v15.2.dll
c:\users\gedeon\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Pharmacie\Pharmacie\bin\Debug\DevExpress.XtraRichEdit.v15.2.Extensions.dll
c:\users\gedeon\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Pharmacie\Pharmacie\bin\Debug\DevExpress.XtraTreeList.v15.2.dll
c:\users\gedeon\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Pharmacie\Pharmacie\bin\Debug\DevExpress.XtraReports.v15.2.dll
c:\users\gedeon\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Pharmacie\Pharmacie\bin\Debug\DevExpress.CodeParser.v15.2.dll
c:\users\gedeon\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Pharmacie\Pharmacie\bin\Debug\DevExpress.Pdf.v15.2.Core.dll
c:\users\gedeon\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Pharmacie\Pharmacie\bin\Debug\DevExpress.Pdf.v15.2.Drawing.dll
c:\users\gedeon\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Pharmacie\Pharmacie\bin\Debug\DevExpress.XtraVerticalGrid.v15.2.dll
c:\users\gedeon\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Pharmacie\Pharmacie\bin\Debug\DevExpress.XtraNavBar.v15.2.dll
c:\users\gedeon\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Pharmacie\Pharmacie\bin\Debug\DevExpress.Dashboard.v15.2.Core.xml
c:\users\gedeon\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Pharmacie\Pharmacie\bin\Debug\DevExpress.Dashboard.v15.2.Win.xml
c:\users\gedeon\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Pharmacie\Pharmacie\bin\Debug\DevExpress.Data.v15.2.xml
c:\users\gedeon\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Pharmacie\Pharmacie\bin\Debug\DevExpress.DataAccess.v15.2.xml
c:\users\gedeon\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Pharmacie\Pharmacie\bin\Debug\DevExpress.DataAccess.v15.2.UI.xml
c:\users\gedeon\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Pharmacie\Pharmacie\bin\Debug\DevExpress.Map.v15.2.Core.xml
c:\users\gedeon\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Pharmacie\Pharmacie\bin\Debug\DevExpress.Office.v15.2.Core.xml
c:\users\gedeon\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Pharmacie\Pharmacie\bin\Debug\DevExpress.PivotGrid.v15.2.Core.xml
c:\users\gedeon\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Pharmacie\Pharmacie\bin\Debug\DevExpress.Printing.v15.2.Core.xml
c:\users\gedeon\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Pharmacie\Pharmacie\bin\Debug\DevExpress.RichEdit.v15.2.Core.xml
c:\users\gedeon\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Pharmacie\Pharmacie\bin\Debug\DevExpress.Sparkline.v15.2.Core.xml
c:\users\gedeon\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Pharmacie\Pharmacie\bin\Debug\DevExpress.Utils.v15.2.xml
c:\users\gedeon\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Pharmacie\Pharmacie\bin\Debug\DevExpress.Utils.v15.2.UI.xml
c:\users\gedeon\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Pharmacie\Pharmacie\bin\Debug\DevExpress.Xpo.v15.2.xml
c:\users\gedeon\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Pharmacie\Pharmacie\bin\Debug\DevExpress.XtraBars.v15.2.xml
c:\users\gedeon\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Pharmacie\Pharmacie\bin\Debug\DevExpress.XtraCharts.v15.2.xml
c:\users\gedeon\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Pharmacie\Pharmacie\bin\Debug\DevExpress.XtraCharts.v15.2.UI.xml
c:\users\gedeon\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Pharmacie\Pharmacie\bin\Debug\DevExpress.XtraCharts.v15.2.Wizard.xml
c:\users\gedeon\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Pharmacie\Pharmacie\bin\Debug\DevExpress.XtraEditors.v15.2.xml
c:\users\gedeon\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Pharmacie\Pharmacie\bin\Debug\DevExpress.XtraGauges.v15.2.Core.xml
c:\users\gedeon\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Pharmacie\Pharmacie\bin\Debug\DevExpress.XtraGauges.v15.2.Presets.xml
c:\users\gedeon\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Pharmacie\Pharmacie\bin\Debug\DevExpress.XtraGauges.v15.2.Win.xml
c:\users\gedeon\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Pharmacie\Pharmacie\bin\Debug\DevExpress.XtraGrid.v15.2.xml
c:\users\gedeon\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Pharmacie\Pharmacie\bin\Debug\DevExpress.XtraLayout.v15.2.xml
c:\users\gedeon\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Pharmacie\Pharmacie\bin\Debug\DevExpress.XtraMap.v15.2.xml
c:\users\gedeon\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Pharmacie\Pharmacie\bin\Debug\DevExpress.XtraPivotGrid.v15.2.xml
c:\users\gedeon\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Pharmacie\Pharmacie\bin\Debug\DevExpress.XtraPrinting.v15.2.xml
c:\users\gedeon\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Pharmacie\Pharmacie\bin\Debug\DevExpress.XtraRichEdit.v15.2.xml
c:\users\gedeon\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Pharmacie\Pharmacie\bin\Debug\DevExpress.XtraRichEdit.v15.2.Extensions.xml
c:\users\gedeon\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Pharmacie\Pharmacie\bin\Debug\DevExpress.XtraTreeList.v15.2.xml
c:\users\gedeon\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Pharmacie\Pharmacie\bin\Debug\DevExpress.XtraReports.v15.2.xml
c:\users\gedeon\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Pharmacie\Pharmacie\bin\Debug\DevExpress.Pdf.v15.2.Core.xml
c:\users\gedeon\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Pharmacie\Pharmacie\bin\Debug\DevExpress.Pdf.v15.2.Drawing.xml
c:\users\gedeon\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Pharmacie\Pharmacie\bin\Debug\DevExpress.XtraVerticalGrid.v15.2.xml
c:\users\gedeon\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Pharmacie\Pharmacie\bin\Debug\DevExpress.XtraNavBar.v15.2.xml
c:\users\gedeon\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Pharmacie\Pharmacie\bin\Debug\de\DevExpress.Dashboard.v15.2.Core.resources.dll
c:\users\gedeon\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Pharmacie\Pharmacie\bin\Debug\es\DevExpress.Dashboard.v15.2.Core.resources.dll
c:\users\gedeon\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Pharmacie\Pharmacie\bin\Debug\ja\DevExpress.Dashboard.v15.2.Core.resources.dll
c:\users\gedeon\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Pharmacie\Pharmacie\bin\Debug\ru\DevExpress.Dashboard.v15.2.Core.resources.dll
c:\users\gedeon\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Pharmacie\Pharmacie\bin\Debug\de\DevExpress.Dashboard.v15.2.Win.resources.dll
c:\users\gedeon\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Pharmacie\Pharmacie\bin\Debug\es\DevExpress.Dashboard.v15.2.Win.resources.dll
c:\users\gedeon\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Pharmacie\Pharmacie\bin\Debug\ja\DevExpress.Dashboard.v15.2.Win.resources.dll
c:\users\gedeon\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Pharmacie\Pharmacie\bin\Debug\ru\DevExpress.Dashboard.v15.2.Win.resources.dll
c:\users\gedeon\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Pharmacie\Pharmacie\bin\Debug\de\DevExpress.Data.v15.2.resources.dll
c:\users\gedeon\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Pharmacie\Pharmacie\bin\Debug\es\DevExpress.Data.v15.2.resources.dll
c:\users\gedeon\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Pharmacie\Pharmacie\bin\Debug\ja\DevExpress.Data.v15.2.resources.dll
c:\users\gedeon\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Pharmacie\Pharmacie\bin\Debug\ru\DevExpress.Data.v15.2.resources.dll
c:\users\gedeon\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Pharmacie\Pharmacie\bin\Debug\de\DevExpress.DataAccess.v15.2.resources.dll
c:\users\gedeon\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Pharmacie\Pharmacie\bin\Debug\es\DevExpress.DataAccess.v15.2.resources.dll
c:\users\gedeon\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Pharmacie\Pharmacie\bin\Debug\ja\DevExpress.DataAccess.v15.2.resources.dll
c:\users\gedeon\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Pharmacie\Pharmacie\bin\Debug\ru\DevExpress.DataAccess.v15.2.resources.dll
c:\users\gedeon\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Pharmacie\Pharmacie\bin\Debug\de\DevExpress.DataAccess.v15.2.UI.resources.dll
c:\users\gedeon\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Pharmacie\Pharmacie\bin\Debug\es\DevExpress.DataAccess.v15.2.UI.resources.dll
c:\users\gedeon\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Pharmacie\Pharmacie\bin\Debug\ja\DevExpress.DataAccess.v15.2.UI.resources.dll
c:\users\gedeon\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Pharmacie\Pharmacie\bin\Debug\ru\DevExpress.DataAccess.v15.2.UI.resources.dll
c:\users\gedeon\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Pharmacie\Pharmacie\bin\Debug\de\DevExpress.Map.v15.2.Core.resources.dll
c:\users\gedeon\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Pharmacie\Pharmacie\bin\Debug\es\DevExpress.Map.v15.2.Core.resources.dll
c:\users\gedeon\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Pharmacie\Pharmacie\bin\Debug\ja\DevExpress.Map.v15.2.Core.resources.dll
c:\users\gedeon\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Pharmacie\Pharmacie\bin\Debug\ru\DevExpress.Map.v15.2.Core.resources.dll
c:\users\gedeon\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Pharmacie\Pharmacie\bin\Debug\de\DevExpress.Office.v15.2.Core.resources.dll
c:\users\gedeon\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Pharmacie\Pharmacie\bin\Debug\es\DevExpress.Office.v15.2.Core.resources.dll
c:\users\gedeon\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Pharmacie\Pharmacie\bin\Debug\ja\DevExpress.Office.v15.2.Core.resources.dll
c:\users\gedeon\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Pharmacie\Pharmacie\bin\Debug\ru\DevExpress.Office.v15.2.Core.resources.dll
c:\users\gedeon\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Pharmacie\Pharmacie\bin\Debug\de\DevExpress.PivotGrid.v15.2.Core.resources.dll
c:\users\gedeon\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Pharmacie\Pharmacie\bin\Debug\es\DevExpress.PivotGrid.v15.2.Core.resources.dll
c:\users\gedeon\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Pharmacie\Pharmacie\bin\Debug\ja\DevExpress.PivotGrid.v15.2.Core.resources.dll
c:\users\gedeon\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Pharmacie\Pharmacie\bin\Debug\ru\DevExpress.PivotGrid.v15.2.Core.resources.dll
c:\users\gedeon\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Pharmacie\Pharmacie\bin\Debug\de\DevExpress.Printing.v15.2.Core.resources.dll
c:\users\gedeon\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Pharmacie\Pharmacie\bin\Debug\es\DevExpress.Printing.v15.2.Core.resources.dll
c:\users\gedeon\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Pharmacie\Pharmacie\bin\Debug\ja\DevExpress.Printing.v15.2.Core.resources.dll
c:\users\gedeon\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Pharmacie\Pharmacie\bin\Debug\ru\DevExpress.Printing.v15.2.Core.resources.dll
c:\users\gedeon\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Pharmacie\Pharmacie\bin\Debug\de\DevExpress.RichEdit.v15.2.Core.resources.dll
c:\users\gedeon\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Pharmacie\Pharmacie\bin\Debug\es\DevExpress.RichEdit.v15.2.Core.resources.dll
c:\users\gedeon\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Pharmacie\Pharmacie\bin\Debug\ja\DevExpress.RichEdit.v15.2.Core.resources.dll
c:\users\gedeon\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Pharmacie\Pharmacie\bin\Debug\ru\DevExpress.RichEdit.v15.2.Core.resources.dll
c:\users\gedeon\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Pharmacie\Pharmacie\bin\Debug\de\DevExpress.Sparkline.v15.2.Core.resources.dll
c:\users\gedeon\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Pharmacie\Pharmacie\bin\Debug\es\DevExpress.Sparkline.v15.2.Core.resources.dll
c:\users\gedeon\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Pharmacie\Pharmacie\bin\Debug\ja\DevExpress.Sparkline.v15.2.Core.resources.dll
c:\users\gedeon\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Pharmacie\Pharmacie\bin\Debug\ru\DevExpress.Sparkline.v15.2.Core.resources.dll
c:\users\gedeon\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Pharmacie\Pharmacie\bin\Debug\de\DevExpress.Utils.v15.2.resources.dll
c:\users\gedeon\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Pharmacie\Pharmacie\bin\Debug\es\DevExpress.Utils.v15.2.resources.dll
c:\users\gedeon\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Pharmacie\Pharmacie\bin\Debug\ja\DevExpress.Utils.v15.2.resources.dll
c:\users\gedeon\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Pharmacie\Pharmacie\bin\Debug\ru\DevExpress.Utils.v15.2.resources.dll
c:\users\gedeon\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Pharmacie\Pharmacie\bin\Debug\de\DevExpress.Utils.v15.2.UI.resources.dll
c:\users\gedeon\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Pharmacie\Pharmacie\bin\Debug\es\DevExpress.Utils.v15.2.UI.resources.dll
c:\users\gedeon\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Pharmacie\Pharmacie\bin\Debug\ja\DevExpress.Utils.v15.2.UI.resources.dll
c:\users\gedeon\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Pharmacie\Pharmacie\bin\Debug\ru\DevExpress.Utils.v15.2.UI.resources.dll
c:\users\gedeon\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Pharmacie\Pharmacie\bin\Debug\de\DevExpress.Xpo.v15.2.resources.dll
c:\users\gedeon\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Pharmacie\Pharmacie\bin\Debug\es\DevExpress.Xpo.v15.2.resources.dll
c:\users\gedeon\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Pharmacie\Pharmacie\bin\Debug\ja\DevExpress.Xpo.v15.2.resources.dll
c:\users\gedeon\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Pharmacie\Pharmacie\bin\Debug\ru\DevExpress.Xpo.v15.2.resources.dll
c:\users\gedeon\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Pharmacie\Pharmacie\bin\Debug\de\DevExpress.XtraBars.v15.2.resources.dll
c:\users\gedeon\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Pharmacie\Pharmacie\bin\Debug\es\DevExpress.XtraBars.v15.2.resources.dll
c:\users\gedeon\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Pharmacie\Pharmacie\bin\Debug\ja\DevExpress.XtraBars.v15.2.resources.dll
c:\users\gedeon\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Pharmacie\Pharmacie\bin\Debug\ru\DevExpress.XtraBars.v15.2.resources.dll
c:\users\gedeon\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Pharmacie\Pharmacie\bin\Debug\de\DevExpress.XtraCharts.v15.2.resources.dll
c:\users\gedeon\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Pharmacie\Pharmacie\bin\Debug\es\DevExpress.XtraCharts.v15.2.resources.dll
c:\users\gedeon\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Pharmacie\Pharmacie\bin\Debug\ja\DevExpress.XtraCharts.v15.2.resources.dll
c:\users\gedeon\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Pharmacie\Pharmacie\bin\Debug\ru\DevExpress.XtraCharts.v15.2.resources.dll
c:\users\gedeon\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Pharmacie\Pharmacie\bin\Debug\de\DevExpress.XtraCharts.v15.2.Wizard.resources.dll
c:\users\gedeon\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Pharmacie\Pharmacie\bin\Debug\es\DevExpress.XtraCharts.v15.2.Wizard.resources.dll
c:\users\gedeon\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Pharmacie\Pharmacie\bin\Debug\ja\DevExpress.XtraCharts.v15.2.Wizard.resources.dll
c:\users\gedeon\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Pharmacie\Pharmacie\bin\Debug\ru\DevExpress.XtraCharts.v15.2.Wizard.resources.dll
c:\users\gedeon\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Pharmacie\Pharmacie\bin\Debug\de\DevExpress.XtraEditors.v15.2.resources.dll
c:\users\gedeon\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Pharmacie\Pharmacie\bin\Debug\es\DevExpress.XtraEditors.v15.2.resources.dll
c:\users\gedeon\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Pharmacie\Pharmacie\bin\Debug\ja\DevExpress.XtraEditors.v15.2.resources.dll
c:\users\gedeon\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Pharmacie\Pharmacie\bin\Debug\ru\DevExpress.XtraEditors.v15.2.resources.dll
c:\users\gedeon\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Pharmacie\Pharmacie\bin\Debug\de\DevExpress.XtraGauges.v15.2.Core.resources.dll
c:\users\gedeon\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Pharmacie\Pharmacie\bin\Debug\es\DevExpress.XtraGauges.v15.2.Core.resources.dll
c:\users\gedeon\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Pharmacie\Pharmacie\bin\Debug\ja\DevExpress.XtraGauges.v15.2.Core.resources.dll
c:\users\gedeon\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Pharmacie\Pharmacie\bin\Debug\ru\DevExpress.XtraGauges.v15.2.Core.resources.dll
c:\users\gedeon\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Pharmacie\Pharmacie\bin\Debug\de\DevExpress.XtraGauges.v15.2.Presets.resources.dll
c:\users\gedeon\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Pharmacie\Pharmacie\bin\Debug\es\DevExpress.XtraGauges.v15.2.Presets.resources.dll
c:\users\gedeon\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Pharmacie\Pharmacie\bin\Debug\ja\DevExpress.XtraGauges.v15.2.Presets.resources.dll
c:\users\gedeon\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Pharmacie\Pharmacie\bin\Debug\ru\DevExpress.XtraGauges.v15.2.Presets.resources.dll
c:\users\gedeon\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Pharmacie\Pharmacie\bin\Debug\de\DevExpress.XtraGrid.v15.2.resources.dll
c:\users\gedeon\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Pharmacie\Pharmacie\bin\Debug\es\DevExpress.XtraGrid.v15.2.resources.dll
c:\users\gedeon\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Pharmacie\Pharmacie\bin\Debug\ja\DevExpress.XtraGrid.v15.2.resources.dll
c:\users\gedeon\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Pharmacie\Pharmacie\bin\Debug\ru\DevExpress.XtraGrid.v15.2.resources.dll
c:\users\gedeon\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Pharmacie\Pharmacie\bin\Debug\de\DevExpress.XtraLayout.v15.2.resources.dll
c:\users\gedeon\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Pharmacie\Pharmacie\bin\Debug\es\DevExpress.XtraLayout.v15.2.resources.dll
c:\users\gedeon\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Pharmacie\Pharmacie\bin\Debug\ja\DevExpress.XtraLayout.v15.2.resources.dll
c:\users\gedeon\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Pharmacie\Pharmacie\bin\Debug\ru\DevExpress.XtraLayout.v15.2.resources.dll
c:\users\gedeon\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Pharmacie\Pharmacie\bin\Debug\de\DevExpress.XtraPivotGrid.v15.2.resources.dll
c:\users\gedeon\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Pharmacie\Pharmacie\bin\Debug\es\DevExpress.XtraPivotGrid.v15.2.resources.dll
c:\users\gedeon\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Pharmacie\Pharmacie\bin\Debug\ja\DevExpress.XtraPivotGrid.v15.2.resources.dll
c:\users\gedeon\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Pharmacie\Pharmacie\bin\Debug\ru\DevExpress.XtraPivotGrid.v15.2.resources.dll
c:\users\gedeon\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Pharmacie\Pharmacie\bin\Debug\de\DevExpress.XtraPrinting.v15.2.resources.dll
c:\users\gedeon\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Pharmacie\Pharmacie\bin\Debug\es\DevExpress.XtraPrinting.v15.2.resources.dll
c:\users\gedeon\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Pharmacie\Pharmacie\bin\Debug\ja\DevExpress.XtraPrinting.v15.2.resources.dll
c:\users\gedeon\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Pharmacie\Pharmacie\bin\Debug\ru\DevExpress.XtraPrinting.v15.2.resources.dll
c:\users\gedeon\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Pharmacie\Pharmacie\bin\Debug\de\DevExpress.XtraRichEdit.v15.2.resources.dll
c:\users\gedeon\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Pharmacie\Pharmacie\bin\Debug\es\DevExpress.XtraRichEdit.v15.2.resources.dll
c:\users\gedeon\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Pharmacie\Pharmacie\bin\Debug\ja\DevExpress.XtraRichEdit.v15.2.resources.dll
c:\users\gedeon\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Pharmacie\Pharmacie\bin\Debug\ru\DevExpress.XtraRichEdit.v15.2.resources.dll
c:\users\gedeon\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Pharmacie\Pharmacie\bin\Debug\de\DevExpress.XtraRichEdit.v15.2.Extensions.resources.dll
c:\users\gedeon\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Pharmacie\Pharmacie\bin\Debug\es\DevExpress.XtraRichEdit.v15.2.Extensions.resources.dll
c:\users\gedeon\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Pharmacie\Pharmacie\bin\Debug\ja\DevExpress.XtraRichEdit.v15.2.Extensions.resources.dll
c:\users\gedeon\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Pharmacie\Pharmacie\bin\Debug\ru\DevExpress.XtraRichEdit.v15.2.Extensions.resources.dll
c:\users\gedeon\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Pharmacie\Pharmacie\bin\Debug\de\DevExpress.XtraTreeList.v15.2.resources.dll
c:\users\gedeon\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Pharmacie\Pharmacie\bin\Debug\es\DevExpress.XtraTreeList.v15.2.resources.dll
c:\users\gedeon\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Pharmacie\Pharmacie\bin\Debug\ja\DevExpress.XtraTreeList.v15.2.resources.dll
c:\users\gedeon\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Pharmacie\Pharmacie\bin\Debug\ru\DevExpress.XtraTreeList.v15.2.resources.dll
c:\users\gedeon\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Pharmacie\Pharmacie\bin\Debug\de\DevExpress.XtraReports.v15.2.resources.dll
c:\users\gedeon\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Pharmacie\Pharmacie\bin\Debug\es\DevExpress.XtraReports.v15.2.resources.dll
c:\users\gedeon\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Pharmacie\Pharmacie\bin\Debug\ja\DevExpress.XtraReports.v15.2.resources.dll
c:\users\gedeon\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Pharmacie\Pharmacie\bin\Debug\ru\DevExpress.XtraReports.v15.2.resources.dll
c:\users\gedeon\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Pharmacie\Pharmacie\bin\Debug\de\DevExpress.Pdf.v15.2.Core.resources.dll
c:\users\gedeon\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Pharmacie\Pharmacie\bin\Debug\es\DevExpress.Pdf.v15.2.Core.resources.dll
c:\users\gedeon\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Pharmacie\Pharmacie\bin\Debug\ja\DevExpress.Pdf.v15.2.Core.resources.dll
c:\users\gedeon\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Pharmacie\Pharmacie\bin\Debug\ru\DevExpress.Pdf.v15.2.Core.resources.dll
c:\users\gedeon\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Pharmacie\Pharmacie\bin\Debug\de\DevExpress.XtraVerticalGrid.v15.2.resources.dll
c:\users\gedeon\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Pharmacie\Pharmacie\bin\Debug\es\DevExpress.XtraVerticalGrid.v15.2.resources.dll
c:\users\gedeon\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Pharmacie\Pharmacie\bin\Debug\ja\DevExpress.XtraVerticalGrid.v15.2.resources.dll
c:\users\gedeon\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Pharmacie\Pharmacie\bin\Debug\ru\DevExpress.XtraVerticalGrid.v15.2.resources.dll
c:\users\gedeon\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Pharmacie\Pharmacie\bin\Debug\de\DevExpress.XtraNavBar.v15.2.resources.dll
c:\users\gedeon\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Pharmacie\Pharmacie\bin\Debug\es\DevExpress.XtraNavBar.v15.2.resources.dll
c:\users\gedeon\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Pharmacie\Pharmacie\bin\Debug\ja\DevExpress.XtraNavBar.v15.2.resources.dll
c:\users\gedeon\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Pharmacie\Pharmacie\bin\Debug\ru\DevExpress.XtraNavBar.v15.2.resources.dll
c:\users\gedeon\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Pharmacie\Pharmacie\obj\Debug\Pharmacie.exe.licenses
C:\Users\GEDEON\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Pharmacie\Pharmacie\obj\Debug\Pharmacie.Forms.Produit_Form.resources
C:\Users\GEDEON\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Pharmacie\Pharmacie\obj\Debug\Pharmacie.User_Controls.Produit.resources
C:\Users\GEDEON\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Pharmacie\Pharmacie\obj\Debug\Pharmacie.User_Controls.Approvisionnement.resources
C:\Users\GEDEON\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Pharmacie\Pharmacie\obj\Debug\Pharmacie.User_Controls.Fournisseur.resources
C:\Users\GEDEON\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Pharmacie\Pharmacie\obj\Debug\Pharmacie.Forms.Approvisionnement_Form.resources
C:\Users\GEDEON\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Pharmacie\Pharmacie\bin\Debug\Bunifu_UI_v1.52.dll
C:\Users\GEDEON\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Pharmacie\Pharmacie\obj\Debug\Pharmacie.Forms.Repports.resources
C:\Users\GEDEON\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\PharmacieSoft\Pharmacie\Pharmacie\bin\Debug\Pharmacie.exe.config
C:\Users\GEDEON\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\PharmacieSoft\Pharmacie\Pharmacie\obj\Debug\Pharmacie.exe
C:\Users\GEDEON\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\PharmacieSoft\Pharmacie\Pharmacie\obj\Debug\Pharmacie.pdb
D:\DAVID\PROJETBDD\Pharma\Pharmacie\Pharmacie\bin\Debug\Pharmacie.exe.config
D:\DAVID\PROJETBDD\Pharma\Pharmacie\Pharmacie\obj\Debug\Pharmacie.exe
D:\DAVID\PROJETBDD\Pharma\Pharmacie\Pharmacie\obj\Debug\Pharmacie.pdb
D:\DAVID\PROJETBDD\Pharma\Pharmacie\Pharmacie\bin\Debug\Pharmacie.exe
D:\DAVID\PROJETBDD\Pharma\Pharmacie\Pharmacie\bin\Debug\Pharmacie.pdb
D:\DAVID\PROJETBDD\Pharma\Pharmacie\Pharmacie\bin\Debug\DevExpress.Charts.v15.2.Core.dll
D:\DAVID\PROJETBDD\Pharma\Pharmacie\Pharmacie\bin\Debug\DevExpress.Dashboard.v15.2.Core.dll
D:\DAVID\PROJETBDD\Pharma\Pharmacie\Pharmacie\bin\Debug\DevExpress.Dashboard.v15.2.Win.dll
D:\DAVID\PROJETBDD\Pharma\Pharmacie\Pharmacie\bin\Debug\DevExpress.Data.v15.2.dll
D:\DAVID\PROJETBDD\Pharma\Pharmacie\Pharmacie\bin\Debug\DevExpress.DataAccess.v15.2.dll
D:\DAVID\PROJETBDD\Pharma\Pharmacie\Pharmacie\bin\Debug\DevExpress.DataAccess.v15.2.UI.dll
D:\DAVID\PROJETBDD\Pharma\Pharmacie\Pharmacie\bin\Debug\DevExpress.Map.v15.2.Core.dll
D:\DAVID\PROJETBDD\Pharma\Pharmacie\Pharmacie\bin\Debug\DevExpress.Office.v15.2.Core.dll
D:\DAVID\PROJETBDD\Pharma\Pharmacie\Pharmacie\bin\Debug\DevExpress.PivotGrid.v15.2.Core.dll
D:\DAVID\PROJETBDD\Pharma\Pharmacie\Pharmacie\bin\Debug\DevExpress.Printing.v15.2.Core.dll
D:\DAVID\PROJETBDD\Pharma\Pharmacie\Pharmacie\bin\Debug\DevExpress.RichEdit.v15.2.Core.dll
D:\DAVID\PROJETBDD\Pharma\Pharmacie\Pharmacie\bin\Debug\DevExpress.Sparkline.v15.2.Core.dll
D:\DAVID\PROJETBDD\Pharma\Pharmacie\Pharmacie\bin\Debug\DevExpress.Utils.v15.2.dll
D:\DAVID\PROJETBDD\Pharma\Pharmacie\Pharmacie\bin\Debug\DevExpress.Utils.v15.2.UI.dll
D:\DAVID\PROJETBDD\Pharma\Pharmacie\Pharmacie\bin\Debug\DevExpress.Xpo.v15.2.dll
D:\DAVID\PROJETBDD\Pharma\Pharmacie\Pharmacie\bin\Debug\DevExpress.XtraBars.v15.2.dll
D:\DAVID\PROJETBDD\Pharma\Pharmacie\Pharmacie\bin\Debug\DevExpress.XtraCharts.v15.2.dll
D:\DAVID\PROJETBDD\Pharma\Pharmacie\Pharmacie\bin\Debug\DevExpress.XtraCharts.v15.2.UI.dll
D:\DAVID\PROJETBDD\Pharma\Pharmacie\Pharmacie\bin\Debug\DevExpress.XtraCharts.v15.2.Wizard.dll
D:\DAVID\PROJETBDD\Pharma\Pharmacie\Pharmacie\bin\Debug\DevExpress.XtraEditors.v15.2.dll
D:\DAVID\PROJETBDD\Pharma\Pharmacie\Pharmacie\bin\Debug\DevExpress.XtraGauges.v15.2.Core.dll
D:\DAVID\PROJETBDD\Pharma\Pharmacie\Pharmacie\bin\Debug\DevExpress.XtraGauges.v15.2.Presets.dll
D:\DAVID\PROJETBDD\Pharma\Pharmacie\Pharmacie\bin\Debug\DevExpress.XtraGauges.v15.2.Win.dll
D:\DAVID\PROJETBDD\Pharma\Pharmacie\Pharmacie\bin\Debug\DevExpress.XtraGrid.v15.2.dll
D:\DAVID\PROJETBDD\Pharma\Pharmacie\Pharmacie\bin\Debug\DevExpress.XtraLayout.v15.2.dll
D:\DAVID\PROJETBDD\Pharma\Pharmacie\Pharmacie\bin\Debug\DevExpress.XtraMap.v15.2.dll
D:\DAVID\PROJETBDD\Pharma\Pharmacie\Pharmacie\bin\Debug\DevExpress.XtraPivotGrid.v15.2.dll
D:\DAVID\PROJETBDD\Pharma\Pharmacie\Pharmacie\bin\Debug\DevExpress.XtraPrinting.v15.2.dll
D:\DAVID\PROJETBDD\Pharma\Pharmacie\Pharmacie\bin\Debug\DevExpress.XtraRichEdit.v15.2.dll
D:\DAVID\PROJETBDD\Pharma\Pharmacie\Pharmacie\bin\Debug\DevExpress.XtraRichEdit.v15.2.Extensions.dll
D:\DAVID\PROJETBDD\Pharma\Pharmacie\Pharmacie\bin\Debug\DevExpress.XtraTreeList.v15.2.dll
D:\DAVID\PROJETBDD\Pharma\Pharmacie\Pharmacie\bin\Debug\DevExpress.XtraReports.v15.2.dll
D:\DAVID\PROJETBDD\Pharma\Pharmacie\Pharmacie\bin\Debug\DevExpress.CodeParser.v15.2.dll
D:\DAVID\PROJETBDD\Pharma\Pharmacie\Pharmacie\bin\Debug\DevExpress.Pdf.v15.2.Core.dll
D:\DAVID\PROJETBDD\Pharma\Pharmacie\Pharmacie\bin\Debug\DevExpress.Pdf.v15.2.Drawing.dll
D:\DAVID\PROJETBDD\Pharma\Pharmacie\Pharmacie\bin\Debug\DevExpress.XtraVerticalGrid.v15.2.dll
D:\DAVID\PROJETBDD\Pharma\Pharmacie\Pharmacie\bin\Debug\DevExpress.XtraNavBar.v15.2.dll
D:\DAVID\PROJETBDD\Pharma\Pharmacie\Pharmacie\bin\Debug\DevExpress.Dashboard.v15.2.Core.xml
D:\DAVID\PROJETBDD\Pharma\Pharmacie\Pharmacie\bin\Debug\DevExpress.Dashboard.v15.2.Win.xml
D:\DAVID\PROJETBDD\Pharma\Pharmacie\Pharmacie\bin\Debug\DevExpress.Data.v15.2.xml
D:\DAVID\PROJETBDD\Pharma\Pharmacie\Pharmacie\bin\Debug\DevExpress.DataAccess.v15.2.xml
D:\DAVID\PROJETBDD\Pharma\Pharmacie\Pharmacie\bin\Debug\DevExpress.DataAccess.v15.2.UI.xml
D:\DAVID\PROJETBDD\Pharma\Pharmacie\Pharmacie\bin\Debug\DevExpress.Map.v15.2.Core.xml
D:\DAVID\PROJETBDD\Pharma\Pharmacie\Pharmacie\bin\Debug\DevExpress.Office.v15.2.Core.xml
D:\DAVID\PROJETBDD\Pharma\Pharmacie\Pharmacie\bin\Debug\DevExpress.PivotGrid.v15.2.Core.xml
D:\DAVID\PROJETBDD\Pharma\Pharmacie\Pharmacie\bin\Debug\DevExpress.Printing.v15.2.Core.xml
D:\DAVID\PROJETBDD\Pharma\Pharmacie\Pharmacie\bin\Debug\DevExpress.RichEdit.v15.2.Core.xml
D:\DAVID\PROJETBDD\Pharma\Pharmacie\Pharmacie\bin\Debug\DevExpress.Sparkline.v15.2.Core.xml
D:\DAVID\PROJETBDD\Pharma\Pharmacie\Pharmacie\bin\Debug\DevExpress.Utils.v15.2.xml
D:\DAVID\PROJETBDD\Pharma\Pharmacie\Pharmacie\bin\Debug\DevExpress.Utils.v15.2.UI.xml
D:\DAVID\PROJETBDD\Pharma\Pharmacie\Pharmacie\bin\Debug\DevExpress.Xpo.v15.2.xml
D:\DAVID\PROJETBDD\Pharma\Pharmacie\Pharmacie\bin\Debug\DevExpress.XtraBars.v15.2.xml
D:\DAVID\PROJETBDD\Pharma\Pharmacie\Pharmacie\bin\Debug\DevExpress.XtraCharts.v15.2.xml
D:\DAVID\PROJETBDD\Pharma\Pharmacie\Pharmacie\bin\Debug\DevExpress.XtraCharts.v15.2.UI.xml
D:\DAVID\PROJETBDD\Pharma\Pharmacie\Pharmacie\bin\Debug\DevExpress.XtraCharts.v15.2.Wizard.xml
D:\DAVID\PROJETBDD\Pharma\Pharmacie\Pharmacie\bin\Debug\DevExpress.XtraEditors.v15.2.xml
D:\DAVID\PROJETBDD\Pharma\Pharmacie\Pharmacie\bin\Debug\DevExpress.XtraGauges.v15.2.Core.xml
D:\DAVID\PROJETBDD\Pharma\Pharmacie\Pharmacie\bin\Debug\DevExpress.XtraGauges.v15.2.Presets.xml
D:\DAVID\PROJETBDD\Pharma\Pharmacie\Pharmacie\bin\Debug\DevExpress.XtraGauges.v15.2.Win.xml
D:\DAVID\PROJETBDD\Pharma\Pharmacie\Pharmacie\bin\Debug\DevExpress.XtraGrid.v15.2.xml
D:\DAVID\PROJETBDD\Pharma\Pharmacie\Pharmacie\bin\Debug\DevExpress.XtraLayout.v15.2.xml
D:\DAVID\PROJETBDD\Pharma\Pharmacie\Pharmacie\bin\Debug\DevExpress.XtraMap.v15.2.xml
D:\DAVID\PROJETBDD\Pharma\Pharmacie\Pharmacie\bin\Debug\DevExpress.XtraPivotGrid.v15.2.xml
D:\DAVID\PROJETBDD\Pharma\Pharmacie\Pharmacie\bin\Debug\DevExpress.XtraPrinting.v15.2.xml
D:\DAVID\PROJETBDD\Pharma\Pharmacie\Pharmacie\bin\Debug\DevExpress.XtraRichEdit.v15.2.xml
D:\DAVID\PROJETBDD\Pharma\Pharmacie\Pharmacie\bin\Debug\DevExpress.XtraRichEdit.v15.2.Extensions.xml
D:\DAVID\PROJETBDD\Pharma\Pharmacie\Pharmacie\bin\Debug\DevExpress.XtraTreeList.v15.2.xml
D:\DAVID\PROJETBDD\Pharma\Pharmacie\Pharmacie\bin\Debug\DevExpress.XtraReports.v15.2.xml
D:\DAVID\PROJETBDD\Pharma\Pharmacie\Pharmacie\bin\Debug\DevExpress.Pdf.v15.2.Core.xml
D:\DAVID\PROJETBDD\Pharma\Pharmacie\Pharmacie\bin\Debug\DevExpress.Pdf.v15.2.Drawing.xml
D:\DAVID\PROJETBDD\Pharma\Pharmacie\Pharmacie\bin\Debug\DevExpress.XtraVerticalGrid.v15.2.xml
D:\DAVID\PROJETBDD\Pharma\Pharmacie\Pharmacie\bin\Debug\DevExpress.XtraNavBar.v15.2.xml
D:\DAVID\PROJETBDD\Pharma\Pharmacie\Pharmacie\bin\Debug\de\DevExpress.Dashboard.v15.2.Core.resources.dll
D:\DAVID\PROJETBDD\Pharma\Pharmacie\Pharmacie\bin\Debug\es\DevExpress.Dashboard.v15.2.Core.resources.dll
D:\DAVID\PROJETBDD\Pharma\Pharmacie\Pharmacie\bin\Debug\ja\DevExpress.Dashboard.v15.2.Core.resources.dll
D:\DAVID\PROJETBDD\Pharma\Pharmacie\Pharmacie\bin\Debug\ru\DevExpress.Dashboard.v15.2.Core.resources.dll
D:\DAVID\PROJETBDD\Pharma\Pharmacie\Pharmacie\bin\Debug\de\DevExpress.Dashboard.v15.2.Win.resources.dll
D:\DAVID\PROJETBDD\Pharma\Pharmacie\Pharmacie\bin\Debug\es\DevExpress.Dashboard.v15.2.Win.resources.dll
D:\DAVID\PROJETBDD\Pharma\Pharmacie\Pharmacie\bin\Debug\ja\DevExpress.Dashboard.v15.2.Win.resources.dll
D:\DAVID\PROJETBDD\Pharma\Pharmacie\Pharmacie\bin\Debug\ru\DevExpress.Dashboard.v15.2.Win.resources.dll
D:\DAVID\PROJETBDD\Pharma\Pharmacie\Pharmacie\bin\Debug\de\DevExpress.Data.v15.2.resources.dll
D:\DAVID\PROJETBDD\Pharma\Pharmacie\Pharmacie\bin\Debug\es\DevExpress.Data.v15.2.resources.dll
D:\DAVID\PROJETBDD\Pharma\Pharmacie\Pharmacie\bin\Debug\ja\DevExpress.Data.v15.2.resources.dll
D:\DAVID\PROJETBDD\Pharma\Pharmacie\Pharmacie\bin\Debug\ru\DevExpress.Data.v15.2.resources.dll
D:\DAVID\PROJETBDD\Pharma\Pharmacie\Pharmacie\bin\Debug\de\DevExpress.DataAccess.v15.2.resources.dll
D:\DAVID\PROJETBDD\Pharma\Pharmacie\Pharmacie\bin\Debug\es\DevExpress.DataAccess.v15.2.resources.dll
D:\DAVID\PROJETBDD\Pharma\Pharmacie\Pharmacie\bin\Debug\ja\DevExpress.DataAccess.v15.2.resources.dll
D:\DAVID\PROJETBDD\Pharma\Pharmacie\Pharmacie\bin\Debug\ru\DevExpress.DataAccess.v15.2.resources.dll
D:\DAVID\PROJETBDD\Pharma\Pharmacie\Pharmacie\bin\Debug\de\DevExpress.DataAccess.v15.2.UI.resources.dll
D:\DAVID\PROJETBDD\Pharma\Pharmacie\Pharmacie\bin\Debug\es\DevExpress.DataAccess.v15.2.UI.resources.dll
D:\DAVID\PROJETBDD\Pharma\Pharmacie\Pharmacie\bin\Debug\ja\DevExpress.DataAccess.v15.2.UI.resources.dll
D:\DAVID\PROJETBDD\Pharma\Pharmacie\Pharmacie\bin\Debug\ru\DevExpress.DataAccess.v15.2.UI.resources.dll
D:\DAVID\PROJETBDD\Pharma\Pharmacie\Pharmacie\bin\Debug\de\DevExpress.Map.v15.2.Core.resources.dll
D:\DAVID\PROJETBDD\Pharma\Pharmacie\Pharmacie\bin\Debug\es\DevExpress.Map.v15.2.Core.resources.dll
D:\DAVID\PROJETBDD\Pharma\Pharmacie\Pharmacie\bin\Debug\ja\DevExpress.Map.v15.2.Core.resources.dll
D:\DAVID\PROJETBDD\Pharma\Pharmacie\Pharmacie\bin\Debug\ru\DevExpress.Map.v15.2.Core.resources.dll
D:\DAVID\PROJETBDD\Pharma\Pharmacie\Pharmacie\bin\Debug\de\DevExpress.Office.v15.2.Core.resources.dll
D:\DAVID\PROJETBDD\Pharma\Pharmacie\Pharmacie\bin\Debug\es\DevExpress.Office.v15.2.Core.resources.dll
D:\DAVID\PROJETBDD\Pharma\Pharmacie\Pharmacie\bin\Debug\ja\DevExpress.Office.v15.2.Core.resources.dll
D:\DAVID\PROJETBDD\Pharma\Pharmacie\Pharmacie\bin\Debug\ru\DevExpress.Office.v15.2.Core.resources.dll
D:\DAVID\PROJETBDD\Pharma\Pharmacie\Pharmacie\bin\Debug\de\DevExpress.PivotGrid.v15.2.Core.resources.dll
D:\DAVID\PROJETBDD\Pharma\Pharmacie\Pharmacie\bin\Debug\es\DevExpress.PivotGrid.v15.2.Core.resources.dll
D:\DAVID\PROJETBDD\Pharma\Pharmacie\Pharmacie\bin\Debug\ja\DevExpress.PivotGrid.v15.2.Core.resources.dll
D:\DAVID\PROJETBDD\Pharma\Pharmacie\Pharmacie\bin\Debug\ru\DevExpress.PivotGrid.v15.2.Core.resources.dll
D:\DAVID\PROJETBDD\Pharma\Pharmacie\Pharmacie\bin\Debug\de\DevExpress.Printing.v15.2.Core.resources.dll
D:\DAVID\PROJETBDD\Pharma\Pharmacie\Pharmacie\bin\Debug\es\DevExpress.Printing.v15.2.Core.resources.dll
D:\DAVID\PROJETBDD\Pharma\Pharmacie\Pharmacie\bin\Debug\ja\DevExpress.Printing.v15.2.Core.resources.dll
D:\DAVID\PROJETBDD\Pharma\Pharmacie\Pharmacie\bin\Debug\ru\DevExpress.Printing.v15.2.Core.resources.dll
D:\DAVID\PROJETBDD\Pharma\Pharmacie\Pharmacie\bin\Debug\de\DevExpress.RichEdit.v15.2.Core.resources.dll
D:\DAVID\PROJETBDD\Pharma\Pharmacie\Pharmacie\bin\Debug\es\DevExpress.RichEdit.v15.2.Core.resources.dll
D:\DAVID\PROJETBDD\Pharma\Pharmacie\Pharmacie\bin\Debug\ja\DevExpress.RichEdit.v15.2.Core.resources.dll
D:\DAVID\PROJETBDD\Pharma\Pharmacie\Pharmacie\bin\Debug\ru\DevExpress.RichEdit.v15.2.Core.resources.dll
D:\DAVID\PROJETBDD\Pharma\Pharmacie\Pharmacie\bin\Debug\de\DevExpress.Sparkline.v15.2.Core.resources.dll
D:\DAVID\PROJETBDD\Pharma\Pharmacie\Pharmacie\bin\Debug\es\DevExpress.Sparkline.v15.2.Core.resources.dll
D:\DAVID\PROJETBDD\Pharma\Pharmacie\Pharmacie\bin\Debug\ja\DevExpress.Sparkline.v15.2.Core.resources.dll
D:\DAVID\PROJETBDD\Pharma\Pharmacie\Pharmacie\bin\Debug\ru\DevExpress.Sparkline.v15.2.Core.resources.dll
D:\DAVID\PROJETBDD\Pharma\Pharmacie\Pharmacie\bin\Debug\de\DevExpress.Utils.v15.2.resources.dll
D:\DAVID\PROJETBDD\Pharma\Pharmacie\Pharmacie\bin\Debug\es\DevExpress.Utils.v15.2.resources.dll
D:\DAVID\PROJETBDD\Pharma\Pharmacie\Pharmacie\bin\Debug\ja\DevExpress.Utils.v15.2.resources.dll
D:\DAVID\PROJETBDD\Pharma\Pharmacie\Pharmacie\bin\Debug\ru\DevExpress.Utils.v15.2.resources.dll
D:\DAVID\PROJETBDD\Pharma\Pharmacie\Pharmacie\bin\Debug\de\DevExpress.Utils.v15.2.UI.resources.dll
D:\DAVID\PROJETBDD\Pharma\Pharmacie\Pharmacie\bin\Debug\es\DevExpress.Utils.v15.2.UI.resources.dll
D:\DAVID\PROJETBDD\Pharma\Pharmacie\Pharmacie\bin\Debug\ja\DevExpress.Utils.v15.2.UI.resources.dll
D:\DAVID\PROJETBDD\Pharma\Pharmacie\Pharmacie\bin\Debug\ru\DevExpress.Utils.v15.2.UI.resources.dll
D:\DAVID\PROJETBDD\Pharma\Pharmacie\Pharmacie\bin\Debug\de\DevExpress.Xpo.v15.2.resources.dll
D:\DAVID\PROJETBDD\Pharma\Pharmacie\Pharmacie\bin\Debug\es\DevExpress.Xpo.v15.2.resources.dll
D:\DAVID\PROJETBDD\Pharma\Pharmacie\Pharmacie\bin\Debug\ja\DevExpress.Xpo.v15.2.resources.dll
D:\DAVID\PROJETBDD\Pharma\Pharmacie\Pharmacie\bin\Debug\ru\DevExpress.Xpo.v15.2.resources.dll
D:\DAVID\PROJETBDD\Pharma\Pharmacie\Pharmacie\bin\Debug\de\DevExpress.XtraBars.v15.2.resources.dll
D:\DAVID\PROJETBDD\Pharma\Pharmacie\Pharmacie\bin\Debug\es\DevExpress.XtraBars.v15.2.resources.dll
D:\DAVID\PROJETBDD\Pharma\Pharmacie\Pharmacie\bin\Debug\ja\DevExpress.XtraBars.v15.2.resources.dll
D:\DAVID\PROJETBDD\Pharma\Pharmacie\Pharmacie\bin\Debug\ru\DevExpress.XtraBars.v15.2.resources.dll
D:\DAVID\PROJETBDD\Pharma\Pharmacie\Pharmacie\bin\Debug\de\DevExpress.XtraCharts.v15.2.resources.dll
D:\DAVID\PROJETBDD\Pharma\Pharmacie\Pharmacie\bin\Debug\es\DevExpress.XtraCharts.v15.2.resources.dll
D:\DAVID\PROJETBDD\Pharma\Pharmacie\Pharmacie\bin\Debug\ja\DevExpress.XtraCharts.v15.2.resources.dll
D:\DAVID\PROJETBDD\Pharma\Pharmacie\Pharmacie\bin\Debug\ru\DevExpress.XtraCharts.v15.2.resources.dll
D:\DAVID\PROJETBDD\Pharma\Pharmacie\Pharmacie\bin\Debug\de\DevExpress.XtraCharts.v15.2.Wizard.resources.dll
D:\DAVID\PROJETBDD\Pharma\Pharmacie\Pharmacie\bin\Debug\es\DevExpress.XtraCharts.v15.2.Wizard.resources.dll
D:\DAVID\PROJETBDD\Pharma\Pharmacie\Pharmacie\bin\Debug\ja\DevExpress.XtraCharts.v15.2.Wizard.resources.dll
D:\DAVID\PROJETBDD\Pharma\Pharmacie\Pharmacie\bin\Debug\ru\DevExpress.XtraCharts.v15.2.Wizard.resources.dll
D:\DAVID\PROJETBDD\Pharma\Pharmacie\Pharmacie\bin\Debug\de\DevExpress.XtraEditors.v15.2.resources.dll
D:\DAVID\PROJETBDD\Pharma\Pharmacie\Pharmacie\bin\Debug\es\DevExpress.XtraEditors.v15.2.resources.dll
D:\DAVID\PROJETBDD\Pharma\Pharmacie\Pharmacie\bin\Debug\ja\DevExpress.XtraEditors.v15.2.resources.dll
D:\DAVID\PROJETBDD\Pharma\Pharmacie\Pharmacie\bin\Debug\ru\DevExpress.XtraEditors.v15.2.resources.dll
D:\DAVID\PROJETBDD\Pharma\Pharmacie\Pharmacie\bin\Debug\de\DevExpress.XtraGauges.v15.2.Core.resources.dll
D:\DAVID\PROJETBDD\Pharma\Pharmacie\Pharmacie\bin\Debug\es\DevExpress.XtraGauges.v15.2.Core.resources.dll
D:\DAVID\PROJETBDD\Pharma\Pharmacie\Pharmacie\bin\Debug\ja\DevExpress.XtraGauges.v15.2.Core.resources.dll
D:\DAVID\PROJETBDD\Pharma\Pharmacie\Pharmacie\bin\Debug\ru\DevExpress.XtraGauges.v15.2.Core.resources.dll
D:\DAVID\PROJETBDD\Pharma\Pharmacie\Pharmacie\bin\Debug\de\DevExpress.XtraGauges.v15.2.Presets.resources.dll
D:\DAVID\PROJETBDD\Pharma\Pharmacie\Pharmacie\bin\Debug\es\DevExpress.XtraGauges.v15.2.Presets.resources.dll
D:\DAVID\PROJETBDD\Pharma\Pharmacie\Pharmacie\bin\Debug\ja\DevExpress.XtraGauges.v15.2.Presets.resources.dll
D:\DAVID\PROJETBDD\Pharma\Pharmacie\Pharmacie\bin\Debug\ru\DevExpress.XtraGauges.v15.2.Presets.resources.dll
D:\DAVID\PROJETBDD\Pharma\Pharmacie\Pharmacie\bin\Debug\de\DevExpress.XtraGrid.v15.2.resources.dll
D:\DAVID\PROJETBDD\Pharma\Pharmacie\Pharmacie\bin\Debug\es\DevExpress.XtraGrid.v15.2.resources.dll
D:\DAVID\PROJETBDD\Pharma\Pharmacie\Pharmacie\bin\Debug\ja\DevExpress.XtraGrid.v15.2.resources.dll
D:\DAVID\PROJETBDD\Pharma\Pharmacie\Pharmacie\bin\Debug\ru\DevExpress.XtraGrid.v15.2.resources.dll
D:\DAVID\PROJETBDD\Pharma\Pharmacie\Pharmacie\bin\Debug\de\DevExpress.XtraLayout.v15.2.resources.dll
D:\DAVID\PROJETBDD\Pharma\Pharmacie\Pharmacie\bin\Debug\es\DevExpress.XtraLayout.v15.2.resources.dll
D:\DAVID\PROJETBDD\Pharma\Pharmacie\Pharmacie\bin\Debug\ja\DevExpress.XtraLayout.v15.2.resources.dll
D:\DAVID\PROJETBDD\Pharma\Pharmacie\Pharmacie\bin\Debug\ru\DevExpress.XtraLayout.v15.2.resources.dll
D:\DAVID\PROJETBDD\Pharma\Pharmacie\Pharmacie\bin\Debug\de\DevExpress.XtraPivotGrid.v15.2.resources.dll
D:\DAVID\PROJETBDD\Pharma\Pharmacie\Pharmacie\bin\Debug\es\DevExpress.XtraPivotGrid.v15.2.resources.dll
D:\DAVID\PROJETBDD\Pharma\Pharmacie\Pharmacie\bin\Debug\ja\DevExpress.XtraPivotGrid.v15.2.resources.dll
D:\DAVID\PROJETBDD\Pharma\Pharmacie\Pharmacie\bin\Debug\ru\DevExpress.XtraPivotGrid.v15.2.resources.dll
D:\DAVID\PROJETBDD\Pharma\Pharmacie\Pharmacie\bin\Debug\de\DevExpress.XtraPrinting.v15.2.resources.dll
D:\DAVID\PROJETBDD\Pharma\Pharmacie\Pharmacie\bin\Debug\es\DevExpress.XtraPrinting.v15.2.resources.dll
D:\DAVID\PROJETBDD\Pharma\Pharmacie\Pharmacie\bin\Debug\ja\DevExpress.XtraPrinting.v15.2.resources.dll
D:\DAVID\PROJETBDD\Pharma\Pharmacie\Pharmacie\bin\Debug\ru\DevExpress.XtraPrinting.v15.2.resources.dll
D:\DAVID\PROJETBDD\Pharma\Pharmacie\Pharmacie\bin\Debug\de\DevExpress.XtraRichEdit.v15.2.resources.dll
D:\DAVID\PROJETBDD\Pharma\Pharmacie\Pharmacie\bin\Debug\es\DevExpress.XtraRichEdit.v15.2.resources.dll
D:\DAVID\PROJETBDD\Pharma\Pharmacie\Pharmacie\bin\Debug\ja\DevExpress.XtraRichEdit.v15.2.resources.dll
D:\DAVID\PROJETBDD\Pharma\Pharmacie\Pharmacie\bin\Debug\ru\DevExpress.XtraRichEdit.v15.2.resources.dll
D:\DAVID\PROJETBDD\Pharma\Pharmacie\Pharmacie\bin\Debug\de\DevExpress.XtraRichEdit.v15.2.Extensions.resources.dll
D:\DAVID\PROJETBDD\Pharma\Pharmacie\Pharmacie\bin\Debug\es\DevExpress.XtraRichEdit.v15.2.Extensions.resources.dll
D:\DAVID\PROJETBDD\Pharma\Pharmacie\Pharmacie\bin\Debug\ja\DevExpress.XtraRichEdit.v15.2.Extensions.resources.dll
D:\DAVID\PROJETBDD\Pharma\Pharmacie\Pharmacie\bin\Debug\ru\DevExpress.XtraRichEdit.v15.2.Extensions.resources.dll
D:\DAVID\PROJETBDD\Pharma\Pharmacie\Pharmacie\bin\Debug\de\DevExpress.XtraTreeList.v15.2.resources.dll
D:\DAVID\PROJETBDD\Pharma\Pharmacie\Pharmacie\bin\Debug\es\DevExpress.XtraTreeList.v15.2.resources.dll
D:\DAVID\PROJETBDD\Pharma\Pharmacie\Pharmacie\bin\Debug\ja\DevExpress.XtraTreeList.v15.2.resources.dll
D:\DAVID\PROJETBDD\Pharma\Pharmacie\Pharmacie\bin\Debug\ru\DevExpress.XtraTreeList.v15.2.resources.dll
D:\DAVID\PROJETBDD\Pharma\Pharmacie\Pharmacie\bin\Debug\de\DevExpress.XtraReports.v15.2.resources.dll
D:\DAVID\PROJETBDD\Pharma\Pharmacie\Pharmacie\bin\Debug\es\DevExpress.XtraReports.v15.2.resources.dll
D:\DAVID\PROJETBDD\Pharma\Pharmacie\Pharmacie\bin\Debug\ja\DevExpress.XtraReports.v15.2.resources.dll
D:\DAVID\PROJETBDD\Pharma\Pharmacie\Pharmacie\bin\Debug\ru\DevExpress.XtraReports.v15.2.resources.dll
D:\DAVID\PROJETBDD\Pharma\Pharmacie\Pharmacie\bin\Debug\de\DevExpress.Pdf.v15.2.Core.resources.dll
D:\DAVID\PROJETBDD\Pharma\Pharmacie\Pharmacie\bin\Debug\es\DevExpress.Pdf.v15.2.Core.resources.dll
D:\DAVID\PROJETBDD\Pharma\Pharmacie\Pharmacie\bin\Debug\ja\DevExpress.Pdf.v15.2.Core.resources.dll
D:\DAVID\PROJETBDD\Pharma\Pharmacie\Pharmacie\bin\Debug\ru\DevExpress.Pdf.v15.2.Core.resources.dll
D:\DAVID\PROJETBDD\Pharma\Pharmacie\Pharmacie\bin\Debug\de\DevExpress.XtraVerticalGrid.v15.2.resources.dll
D:\DAVID\PROJETBDD\Pharma\Pharmacie\Pharmacie\bin\Debug\es\DevExpress.XtraVerticalGrid.v15.2.resources.dll
D:\DAVID\PROJETBDD\Pharma\Pharmacie\Pharmacie\bin\Debug\ja\DevExpress.XtraVerticalGrid.v15.2.resources.dll
D:\DAVID\PROJETBDD\Pharma\Pharmacie\Pharmacie\bin\Debug\ru\DevExpress.XtraVerticalGrid.v15.2.resources.dll
D:\DAVID\PROJETBDD\Pharma\Pharmacie\Pharmacie\bin\Debug\de\DevExpress.XtraNavBar.v15.2.resources.dll
D:\DAVID\PROJETBDD\Pharma\Pharmacie\Pharmacie\bin\Debug\es\DevExpress.XtraNavBar.v15.2.resources.dll
D:\DAVID\PROJETBDD\Pharma\Pharmacie\Pharmacie\bin\Debug\ja\DevExpress.XtraNavBar.v15.2.resources.dll
D:\DAVID\PROJETBDD\Pharma\Pharmacie\Pharmacie\bin\Debug\ru\DevExpress.XtraNavBar.v15.2.resources.dll
D:\DAVID\PROJETBDD\Pharma\Pharmacie\Pharmacie\obj\Debug\Pharmacie.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
D:\DAVID\PROJETBDD\Pharma\Pharmacie\Pharmacie\obj\Debug\Pharmacie.Form1.resources
D:\DAVID\PROJETBDD\Pharma\Pharmacie\Pharmacie\obj\Debug\Pharmacie.Forms.Approvisionnement_Form.resources
D:\DAVID\PROJETBDD\Pharma\Pharmacie\Pharmacie\obj\Debug\Pharmacie.Forms.Produit_Form.resources
D:\DAVID\PROJETBDD\Pharma\Pharmacie\Pharmacie\obj\Debug\Pharmacie.Forms.Repports.resources
D:\DAVID\PROJETBDD\Pharma\Pharmacie\Pharmacie\obj\Debug\Pharmacie.Properties.Resources.resources
D:\DAVID\PROJETBDD\Pharma\Pharmacie\Pharmacie\obj\Debug\Pharmacie.User_Controls.Approvisionnement.resources
D:\DAVID\PROJETBDD\Pharma\Pharmacie\Pharmacie\obj\Debug\Pharmacie.User_Controls.Fournisseur.resources
D:\DAVID\PROJETBDD\Pharma\Pharmacie\Pharmacie\obj\Debug\Pharmacie.User_Controls.Produit.resources
D:\DAVID\PROJETBDD\Pharma\Pharmacie\Pharmacie\obj\Debug\Pharmacie.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
D:\DAVID\PROJETBDD\Pharma\Pharmacie\Pharmacie\obj\Debug\Pharmacie.exe.licenses
